hello viewers I'm outcome in this video
will show you a simple way to get tons
of XP and halo for Spartan Ops to level
up your Spartan this game type repair
you ate three other players but I was
just pairing up with a friend or two so
that if any players leave you delete the
mission without too much struggling
foreign ops gives out an extraordinary
amount of XP to those that contribute to
the completion of the game from what I
can tell the time it takes to complete a
Spartan Ops chapter is also part of the
exterior ward as well as the difficulty
setting meaning that legendary gives out
the most let's talk about which chapters
to play through
I would suggest choosing a chapter that
does not require you to defend anything
failing a mission will drop your reward
amount to nothing worth getting pick a
chapter that you would bear playing
multiple times in this video I chose a
mission that requires you to eliminate
targets kill all the enemies and return
back to the Pelican landing zone this
mission was a great choice because of
stalks you with powerful weapons and
vehicles such as the Gauss cannon
warthog and Covenant rates now that you
have your chapter selected you will need
a good load up that helps for your
mission
if you have the animal support upgrade
you will not have this cabbage gramma
right away and if you find power weapons
such as rockets you will be able to
carry more ammo than you normally could
a few of your comrades have already
completed the operator specialization
then consider using the wheelman
tactical package for your class if the
chapter you chose contains vehicles this
will keep your vehicle from getting
pounded right away and the plasma fizzle
overcharge shot won't disable your
vehicle for very long or if you have
completed the Pioneer specialization use
a fast-track tactical package for the
extra XP or if you have you have to
complete any of these specializations do
not worry you can still be collecting
more than three times the amount of a
normal wargames match this next part is
what breaks the bank if you have been to
go shopping at a small store anytime
soon keep your eyes out for a special
mountain Dew and Doritos products with
these products you can obtain double xp
codes this will take your already
amazing amount of XP and give you a
double dosage for every batch the
packaging on these products state that
the those are only valid for war games
but as of December 25th I still have
been able to apply these codes for
Spartan Ops you can also work on
commendations and challenges while
playing in spark
put your handi devil XP will not double
these experiments these tips will get
your spartan leveling and faster than
ever before watches my XP stacked up to
the final level
please keep in mind that you can hit an
XP cab if you acquire too much XP in one
day different speculations say the cab
could be based on your level and can
stop your earning anywhere up to 150,000
XP per day on average I gained between
fifteen to nineteen thousand XP per game
meaning that I would have stopped
turning after eight or so games at the
same reward amount so to prevent hitting
this cat you may just have to stop
playing for it or a level 49 or one
level away from completing a
specialisation please watch how much XP
your candy if you only need a thousand
XP to level up don't waste a double XP
match or play 15 minutes Spartan Ops
chapter the excess XP will fall into a
void and never come back
alright this concludes how to write
those back using Spartan Ops match me
thank you for watching I hope you
enjoyed the video and have a wonderful
day